THE GREAT ADVENTURE OF THE DONKEY-FACED ELEPHANT
  By Maia and Philia the Magnificent

  Once upon a time, there was a magical purple elephant who lived in a cloud made entirely of
  cotton candy.

  And then the Queens Ratta and Picard came to tell important news to it.

  The important news was that all the chinchilla dust baths in the kingdom had mysteriously
  turned into chocolate pudding, and now all the chinchillas were getting very sticky instead of
   clean!

  The hero elephant with a donkey face said "I will get to it but first I must finish my tea."

  So the donkey-faced elephant very politely sipped his tea with his trunk while Queens Ratta
  and Picard tapped their tiny paws impatiently, and all the chocolate-covered chinchillas
  started forming a very sticky parade outside!

  But then Snowy came to help donkey face elephant - all the cat food in the world has turned
  into dog food, only Snowy is eating it but he is just like a dog, "I need help please help!"
  said Mango.

  The donkey-faced elephant finally put down his teacup and declared, "This is clearly the work
  of the evil Food-Switching Wizard! We must find him before dinner time or everyone will be
  eating the wrong food forever!"

  "I will get them with my beautiful and fabulous donkey face superhero clothes!"

  So the elephant put on a sparkly cape with donkey ears on the hood and boots that looked like
  hooves, and suddenly he could fly AND make the most heroic "HEE-HAW!" sound ever!

  Then he went to the ancient library but all the books were made out of seaweed and then came
  the axolotls Bob, Janik and Timmy who were transforming into salamanders "All our food has
  disappeared, oh help!"

  The donkey-faced superhero elephant looked at tiny Timmy, fat Bob, and big Janik, and declared
   "Don't worry, my squishy friends! I know exactly who's behind this - it's the Evil
  Food-Switching Wizard who lives in the Upside-Down Castle!"

  "First we have to find the upside down castle of the evil lizard then we will attack!" said
  the elephant.

  "We are starving! We only have cat food!" said Bob.

  The donkey-faced elephant felt terrible for the hungry axolotls and said "Don't worry Bob,
  Timmy, and Janik! Once we defeat the Evil Food-Switching Wizard, all the food will go back to
  normal and you'll have your proper axolotl food again!"

  "Let's get to work! I got an idea!" The donkey-faced elephant ran out of the library to his
  veeeeery old friend that knew the lizard before it was evil.

  The donkey-faced elephant flew with his sparkly cape to a tiny cottage made of mushrooms,
  where his veeeeery old friend - a wise talking turtle with a long gray beard and spectacles -
  was sitting in a rocking chair, and when he saw the elephant he said "Ah, I was wondering when
   you'd come about that troublesome lizard!"

  "I know where he lives," said the turtle. "He lives at the island at the Red Sea where the war
   of the evil and the good was."

  The wise turtle's eyes grew very serious as he continued, "That island is where the Great War
  between Good and Evil happened long ago, and the lizard... he used to fight on the GOOD side
  with us, but something terrible happened there that turned his heart dark and made him want to
   switch everything around in the world!"

  "Then he locked himself up with his homemade robot then never to be seen again. You must find
  him, donkey-faced elephant!"

  The donkey-faced elephant nodded bravely and said "I understand, wise turtle friend! I must go
   to the Red Sea island and find the lizard and his robot before everyone in the world starves
  from eating the wrong food!" Then he turned to Bob, Timmy, and Janik and declared "Come on, my
   squishy axolotl friends - we have a dangerous mission ahead of us!"

  Then they all jumped on our hero to the island, then they saw it and he glided down to the
  dark castle and then they were at the entrance of it. They entered, the axolotls being
  frightened, and then he was sitting in his throne. "Who has dared to enter my castle?!" But
  before he could answer, the lizard continued. The lizard was gigantic with claws the size of a
   pencil and "I missed you my dear friend Ugway, but sadly I will not stop! I will rule the
  world! Mwahahahahahaaaaaaa mwahahahhahahahahaaaaaaaaaaa! And you will be the ones to witness
  it! Good luck sa..." But before he could finish, Queen Picard and Queen Rata landed next to
  Timmy in their electric chinchilla plane and then Picard ran toward the lord.

  Queen Picard squeaked a brave battle cry as she charged toward the gigantic lizard, while
  Queen Rata shouted from the electric chinchilla plane "We followed you here because we're not
  afraid of any giant lizard with pencil-sized claws! You messed with our dust baths and now
  you're going to PAY!" Meanwhile, the wise turtle friend Ugway's eyes filled with tears as he
  whispered "My old friend... what have you become?"

  Picard made the biggest angry sound that it made the lizard faint, then Janik turned the
  lizard into a fish and threw him into the Red Sea, then they went back and everything was
  fixed. Janik, Bob and Timmy ran into the sea in the air and they lived happily ever after.

  THE END! 🎉✨

